Hf history (#431)
klaytn/klaytn-docs: docs/klaytn-history/README.md

# Klaytn Hard Fork History

> This page shows all the major milestones, forks and updates to the Klaytn blockchain.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This page shows all the hard forks to the Klaytn blockchain.
```
